

Democracy died with a lousy chirp and a weary tweet. 

The sassy druid threw his slosh across the room.

The tutor in the dryer gave off a metal twang.

I loath and refuse to repay the pithy synod

The yucca fluid filled the gonzo delta

We had to delay the molar due to the naval swarm.

Incur a quest for a sports piece.

On a quest for oxide gloss on the bayou.

Atop the atoll there lies a saner flume

The gator was aloof, hence the crump

It’s not your fault that I kicked you in the groin on our very ferry suite.                                                                                                                                        

The misty brook had a boson décor.

I will chain this riper rodeo to its peril.

“Oh goody, we’ve arrived at the copse,” she said with a regal grunt.

The payer lost his flair and went splat off the plank.

All eight olives in the attic struck a chord with me.

It was circa the kappa era in the axial villa.

On the verge of delirium, I scrap and stoke the hippo.

I yearn for the surge of a piney elbow.

This pushy coupe has folio of the mouth!

Once you grasp the cause of the abled scour, you can scour and grasp the abled cause.

Taste the clout of the crony exalt

This lobby is loony with sleek forge.

I built you a stack of rupee to snore on.

A torch of the forum leads to a purer truss.

To imply a quirk is to excel as a racer

The frost bit the blunt bevel waiting in the queue

Waiting to be bused, I found a notch in the bench.

I, a dunce of shark, cling to this here rebar.

Each human embarks on a quest to tally one tulip.

The ascot mascot is on the brink of a weird homer.

The dandy did recon as he danced through a snowy alley.

I foist this paint and pence at your ninja.

That sure is a gabby racer I met at the avian recut!

The handsome diver lunged into the filmy swamp to save a pixie.

Now, brush the minty topaz off my lapel instantly and with fervor!

We intend to equip this hilly grave with youth.

With the knack of blurt, I’ll tease the melee out of you!

We wanna flick this grain into the agent’s butthole so badly!

Such a brash cough for an eager rabbi.

The pilaf plead and swoon over the toady complexion.

Those serif spilt beyond the day of foist.

My mentor, the aloof cutie, played a silly etude.

Where have I smelt this dirty sally before?

I avoid danger as I twirl the filet throughout the fish/meat plant.

Her petty chest covered by a cloth clamp.

Upon the stage, we watched the steam come off the stove, but not the grime.

You always snoop and nudge so dryly in the shack.

With a heave, I scoop the clove out of the trash.

The dusty crook shall hover indefinitely.

I pried open the faint wooer in a hurry!

Double check, but don’t doubt, the ovine bebop.

After you nobly rouse the gecko, take a bath.

Behold the futile rogue with its inept heart.

Tidal usage of a beige hinge.

Uncle Clunce is in the sauna with one balmy thigh

Scour and purge the curly out of the hound, or else I’ll scour the planet to purge the curly hound.

That grade A noise filled the daisy with worry.

Hunky pixel was slyly placed with disregard for adult supervision.

The dusky joist requires drool to glide.

Gabby: The Giver of the Flush Straw.

Scram, you milky boule curse!

Mamma snuck a tarot reading in the crypt.

In the ditch, the bilge of denim, full of tripe

Two pence and an olive for your anger-driven thought crime.

The bluer of the papal adores piper drive

The koala should delete her inbox instead of drinking stein and listening to the Clash.

Don’t panic; the chain is pasty and crisp.

Nudge forward into the epoch or drown in bingo.

With a crank of fudge, I grew a thick stash.

In the reedy wetlands, I discovered many a mauve and silky yucca.

That Judge: giver of gnash and cloak.

This extra valet gets a round of guava.

I’m fixing ta ditch a growl up your anime canal!

Too much is at stake to pluck and posit this moose!

Your aging bicep ripped into a clove spill.

The wooer in the gulch video caused severe angst before…

Over the sting of this dowry, I shall brawl ‘til morn’.

Shush! I got lupus from your scowl in the atoll!

The ghoul spat shaky verse at the crook.

You shall atone for your snoop with a dully prawn.

The intro was just a bunch of shiny moult.

Rocky has been binging the jazzy grief video for a week straight!

She speaks with a muddy jerky taper drawl.

With the speed of a titan and the forte of a briar.

Go find a haiku in the yucca, you patsy sword!

I posit the felon: a crock for a boost.

Your decoy stick is slyly aware.

This newer twine makes the patio look bland.

I sifted a shard of briar through my nasal fluff.

Woken by an aphid like a scant bonus.

Amuse my gnash, but don’t fritz my sheet!

I went on a remix binge in the sleet wearing plaid.

I forge and I plank this trite cramp.

The moist idiom of the erect rebar

“It’s an uncurable tatty ozone,” says the cynic fixer.

Spurn the comma ‘til it’s cagey and rocky.

Donning linen, I drove the giant stilt.

I shrieked at a roach in the kayak with a cleft brush.

With a dollop of cream I chide your hydro slime.

Relay my snide message to the lusty donut.

Don’t just shrug: scale and crump the wedge!

A humid robot to birth and lithe

I don’t think you grasp how funky the dilly kayak is!

Break out of your gruff; it’s be sweet as shell (pronounced schweet as schwell)

The gnome found the jewel under the idler tramp

The eater and the emcee are battling stink to stink again.

The eagle is penal and quite the dilly

Abate, or I will drown my sword in your gland!

Strip and budge the shelf sappy

Not with this proud urban in your puffy belly.

The irate tuber remains icily plump.

This medic pinup is lanky in color.

A funky sooter saner clange.

Cling to your worry; it’s a suite to your tonic.

Twirl, you timid, phony brute. \

An adult stalk on a chain board

Quark sheen equals perky navel.

The tardy rogue requires a juicy timer!

Let’s make a sweet truce in our ionic sewer.

I react to this comet with a spicy chirp.

A rugby fraud, a spire of spasm.

The diary bunch of the month came with free epoxy.

The moose timer evokes strong ethos by the sword.

Will he pivot and groom his wooly grunt?

A penny pecan for your inert lupus?

The payer pays to perch afoul your graft.

I’ll sound the facet on you bunch of resin!

Kneel and evict the feral aphid.

I drank undue bliss with a troll.

The tenet of the olive is to roost and serve.

I can smell the fiber of your rogue ascot.

The shire shied behind a nice level shrub.

We need to brief the felon woman on petal law!

The flora had a cubic waltz reply

Their grimy river is full of agate!

Crimp your plump on the clout route!

They swarm the scrap of an onion belch.

The Heron Eight vs. The Caste of Tutor.

In Hotel Squib, the deity is thigh.

Putting that tweed plant in the blunt for the party!

A lucky shoal of kebab dryly swam.

When we begin to torch, the gulch is a goner.

This stank scrum is a thorn in the gavel! – wedding poem written on 1/17/2025

Blare that itchy bicep; it’s a real piper.

I read the blurb exposing the molar of the young udder.

Behold, the sixty-year-old robin in its tatty thong.

Print the chart with the vigor of a spawn!

By that vague logic, you have grown a stamp!

You, dowel louse, are a fable giver!

The brave major demoted a globe angel.

Adapt the timer to the gleam of the clink!

I have faith in the rouge of the juicy tiger.

Crank the crown to set an agile scene.

With frill in your heart you can shunt any bleep.

Your chirp is stale and your sugar weedy!

I would endow your daunt, but you drank the relic!

Many a sloth unzip and burst a swash.

I’ll have the lousy chump with a side of penne salve, well done.

Talk the lingo to elope with the belle of rouge.

This jojoba ester is gross and lousy with stink!

Seize that scamp, all tense with sleet!

Frisk the crook awash in budge.

A milky birth drawn from the joist.

I guess I got cocoa on my curly apron.

The sixth cacti verve blurb this year.

A whisk, a gulch, and a shard of sugar!

Orate through the kazoo, down the Dutch abyss.

Madam Scamp putting fauna on track!

I wager your laugh is neither nifty nor foamy.

Hydro sooth the lunch reign.

The egret had a witty login morph cypher.

Shake the token tapir for seven minutes.

I elude to the drill of the nasty dolly.

A cleat coven of merit and psalm.

I had a qualm of pasta at the beech cabin.

Burnt syrup with the forte of youth!

I shook the seedy polar bear to the fourth grade!

The plaza theft left me in limbo and decay!

Savor the rouse of the naked heist!

I dwell on her ample scalp and trunk.

Quiet that widow with a whorl of booze.

The bird doth tweet and flail on topic of petal

Let’s grill the creep in his fancy condo.

Mercy thump the décor with a finch.

The fiery ghoul set the coven afire.

It’s my god damn droit to react dirty to your stead.

Sadly, the lithe wafer turned idiom.

I opine: the triad was thick with lupus.

Mike Blank sent a naïve email to The Clash.

A tamer scrub would drift by that brick.

I pried open the drapes to detox the copse.

I brake for zilch buggy peony.

I fear our hasty drape will craze the Ficus.

Many a scowl at the stiff donut prize.

Choke that surly guava heard.

One can find some seriously perky fungi under the brick near the shoal.

We can’t rouse the vaunt sonic in this ether.

I’m freer than that Moody what long been stung blind. (Said with dialect, redneck)

On a regular basis, the rabid relic doth scram.

During last Thursday’s forum, I took a whack at the crier with my mean stick.

I hereby pledge to twist all the skill and knack out of that buyer within a fortnight!

The Maker of Sooth attended the annual March of Bloom.

I meant to twist the tweak clear.

Drain this teary basin, in error!

I spied with my little eye your vapor lover meter.

Shunt to the heart, but bleep that frill. Bon Jovi style

When I get a break, I’m suing you for appearing salty and petty.

I can take the blunt of the goose if you take the brunt of the shook.

We can debug the large gloss with a tunic?

Something’s afoul in the clink; it’s either a gaffe or a frond.

Pluck me some ovoid shaped cushy dross.

This topaz joker flown in on an etude.

I plead the twang, for it was major risky, man.

The entire building is jetty and dodgy; that’s the vivid truth!

Don’t gloss over the quiet swamp tripe!

Don’t laugh at my frill twice, you leech!

I have the sense to delay your leaky theme.

They speaketh the polar opposite of a slice of lemon drawl.

With a hefty lapse, I wrest the watch away from William.

Where rehab is an ideal skill.

To no avail of titan, we gauge these.

Muddy Snide Straw is on the correct track!

I revel in the sharp juice of your lingo.

The stoic gecko shares the manor with fungi.

Don’t you go getting teary and short over amiss metal!

With the growl of my spear I belie your adobe castle mansion.

Don’t ever blink or block Daddy Recon!

Mike Blank will elude the rumba input all the days!

I feel shook by this hasty, piney salad.

From the sheer flint of it, I infer chump.

I spy your navel through the copse, but I cannot slink nor treat.

Back at the hotel, vying for your banal lasso…once more.

The carat hath spawn a flame in my tunic.

“Blush Begun” is a dingy motto, bruh.

I so badly want to come upon the Ozone Tower sewer.

I’m not picky; I’ll brace your surly booze.

A video of a hunch hover with singe.

The geese ran the gamut of the alley radii.

It was gusty on the thick, hyper jetty.

Let’s smash and flout the razor til’ it’s so small (last two words said with baby high pitched voice)

I will wreak naked on your token tonic.

Listening to that lefty triad noise is like a noose around my neck!

The undue goner goes dimly into the wharf.

I got some light apnea when the crone awoke.

The terse frond was too mushy to prove.

The murky champ will drive hotly in the homecoming parade.

I oddly agree with later cumin.

The smoky winch meant holly.

No truer than a clove drink made of crime.

The waxen dunce was extra lefty.

I’ll meet you where the moody brace recut.

Don’t allow that rogue, ashen steed into your pasture.

The balmy humus is erect with worry

With the flick of a dingo, the goose played chess.

This devil scone with its musky vigor!

Fully whisk the sword like a rower.

This brute broth is worth a shout in a cabin.

The consequence for a diary void of comma is a full skull recap.

If you can cross the brook, I’ll give you a medal the width of this visor.

This taffy sport makes me sweat a bunch.

The Lithe Lefty made a knoll of mulch.

The derby was quite glory borne

The miser felt wimpy in the coven plaza.

You should at least untie the sewer noose.

A monty psalm is an utter build.

The petty gnome cried sleet.

The moist clump distributes a clove array.

The shale was shorn by the kinky whoop.

The actor had a drawl and a crook of a lance.

This foray of sleet is harsh, but not without merit.

Do you want to give me some input before we graft the chord on the stump?

We invested a mound of stock into the Dopey Prism pyramid scheme.

Such a slick colic on the hazel decoy.

Don’t sully my gloss with your gonzo patty.

We can’t baste the glad before we debut the pesto.

Harold, don’t stop or we’ll guide the shire down the fiery plank!

The diner shone in on the horde fugue.

Shard of sumac, print of leach.

Let the booze crepe guide the Traveling Smith Brothers back home!

Drive that stash up the fishy spurt.

I choke up at the frame color of the cairn.

Brunt flout the forty bylaw.

This sport gizmo is made of nylon and basil.

The youth chide my credo, presently, and most prior.

We can’t allow another burnt fruit jaunt.

We won’t award you the theme claim you crave.

Hence the hover of the octal copse.

Yearn for the frown motif patio, for spiritual ascension.

Annex the torso and drown the baton, at dawn.

Let’s spoof the idiom drape into exile.

The creed of the voter is acute scrum.

This risen macaw is cause for a smelt celebration.

I wrote the song of condo til I was on the verge of plush. 

The Haiku Triad is ruder and more risky.

Claim the actor freak with epoxy.

The idler had the nerve of quill and story

We built a vegan suing krill

The rogue emcee told Aunty a story.

Do your pinot perch, ya gonzo, and scram!

Borne of cache, both ruddy and smoky

the taurus of gravy produced a brief umbra

what a handy segue into the amber of a lit clove.

These bayou are bluer than their piety

A steak crime beyond the alpha matte


sassy build like a birth lurch

Sipping mocha with my pupil, the natal egret

I abhor your azure, drier clout

You elude the alarm like an agile brute

To outdo the tenth papal scale

Whose soapy coral heist is this?

I spite your alignment with opium crime

The ninth tread was unset by grief

Carry the Cake: Intro to Icing with Professor Perky

Something lucid is afoot as I adore the smith

Cocoa ramen turns any llama titan!

The nutty mayor made an epoxy chess set.

I found my curly label at the dairy rally

With a flash of a nymph, behold the royal blaze

A rabid waive of ethos laid claim to the ne’er-do-wells

Your macaw has gouged your cargo, my liege…again.

 

The only beverage served at the mauve hotel is a flask of flour.

With a stamp and a crump and a tamer glaze.

The sloop sank from the weight of brood and brine fluid.

Singing a slick psalm in nappy denim.

This avian trial is jumpy and lacks cheek.

A harsh detox made the druid pouty.

The retry wedding party beget flank steaks.

The snail and the guppy inspected the ratty cache.

Ma swung the parer over the floor crust.

Like an otter I scour the midge forge.

You must guard the clank and forgo the tribe.

Crime minus the nosey slain.

The boxer had mange and wore vapor tweed.

The badge champ earned a satin relic.

Are you ready to argue with the royal bunch?

Swipe the oxide off your taboo uvula.

I ride the polar bear agape, with the scent of yearn.

Thyme crime: idyll and alike.

I’m picky; I favor the meter maker.

The lack of juror logic is wreaking havoc on my filet!

The geese unite and strip on the range.

I feel mossy. Hence the hairy moral.

Purge the roach and quack the downy.

Hurry, punch the depot for an award.

The purer the maple, the decoy the shake.

The swing stunk with a lurid sweep.

The zesty antic leads to a saner choke.


The polar bear, the husky dog, and the foggy heist.

Set aside that scoop and bleat howdy.

Turn the valve to debug the basil fruit.

This elfin crumb is quite drier

Well, I think the belle of the boule is a crone!

Don’t give me flack over my present bowl of syrup, because your fugue is the worst I’ve ever suffered!

My bebop will crush your retro, most nobly!

The banal hippo reluctantly boards the stout sedan.

We must chide the rabbi over the gusty lance job.

Your chaos and truth is alive like a bucking bronc.

The naïve nanny must cower on the butte.

Let us seize a slice of resin on a stray ‘morn.

I crave the flood whilst I roost at this angle.

I don’t mean to parse, but you have scant on under your batch.

I float agape at the glitz and the glade.

I abhor the dutch dally sigma

Feign to retry the dingo scald.

The admin did whine and leapt over the prism.

The shark became a guppy, and now the media mourn.

Flake and scrub the buzzy waver.

The scion wrest the papal craze from you.

I exist to steal the pixel fjord.

Don’t give me none of that flack over this axial squib qualm!

The clash of the soggy squad via modem.

Yearn forth rebar in the crowd.

I’ll smash your quick beyond the plump karat.

I scour the land for an ulcer as elite and inane as the others.

Such an egret eying the dance craze.

Behold the pesky sheik debug the build, presently.

Earn the favor of the skunk with gawky fluff.

The dream is a haven for the torus snake.

I accept the truce since your twirl is so droll.

Whoop, whoop: I reckon we may yet droop drawl in a jiffy!

The gawky oxide prank was plied to oblivion.

Pitch a drill at the shark gland.

In the novella’s intro, we encounter the clasp of the devil hotel.

Welcome to Valid Manor; beware the gawky mural!

I read aboutsa surge of poppy pizza in the paper.
I take my villa vanilla with a fleck of tiger crane.

That bushy truck met our quota with much swift.

It’s a cinch to make taffy in the fudge foyer.

The pinky golem is showy with swash.


I sense the birth of another coast stand.


You can count the grace on that giant egret.

Rumor has it your vodka tastes of swift chard. 